I’m sorry if it was your hoe, i already gave it to her
So much drug is already making me go up,
If there’s no cash, there's nothing to say
Going with Duko, getting in the VIP
Let them shoot, don´t give yourselves away
If i show up, they better stand up
Nigga you got it
Traffic in my nostrils, no longer worth it
Trading like animals
My criminals very well know it, boy
The co, the cocaine
My style is shining, highlights my chain
Boy, your group doesn’t do it well
Stop talking and increase the level
4 days no sleep, burning snow
The girl i fucked, showed up on TV
LSD and I walk on the walls
Our mind is elsewhere, nothing to do with you
It looks like christmas
In the room it´s full of snow
Weed rains, money rains
You´ll make me buy the 9
Tut tut tut
Nothing else from y'all
You know around the hood, the block smells it
I’m smoking gelato, there´s smell on the walls
If i see you at the Colta, do not despair
I like that you pay me
Not that i punch you
Diamonds, chains
Cars, wheels, good, girls
The drug is not for everyone.
The co, the cocaine
My style is shining, highlights my chain
Boy, your group doesn’t do it well
Stop talking and increase the level
The co, the cocaine
My style is shining, highlights my chain
Boy, your group doesn’t do it well
Stop talking and increase the level
Cocaine